i sent a team around like he might be
out a few that's exactly what i was
thinking ND i was wondering he was
running out of fuel here
coming to the white flag tell you the
two cars close that gap coffee's bad if
we think you might have a flat tire
whistle when they're dead he's really
move with whore around it doesn't look
very stable right now one lap to go Kyle
Busch defensive line into turn one
there's something wrong with the 18
now Ambrose trying to get second from
Keselowski while he tries to get the
lead from file dangerous spot on the
track for Kyle to me sideways looks like
he gets off to the guardrail no caution
yet here's the race for the lead
electron
the tire going to make it all the way
around and we'll the nine help him my
buddies in their ass
ding ding ding headed by the race right
there well hell now Keselowski sword
Keselowski got a problem trying to stay
with Aunt Rose Joe final quarters so
they use the bumpers
a knowledge of wash can Ambrose save it
to the checkered flag who gets here
first Keselowski to Marcos Ambrose is
gonna win it Hawkins with the last lap
turn of events
Wow
Jeff born in the wall
Corner
that was 45 miles
you